Data Recvd -> all data committed (#14)
ietf-wg-webtrans/draft-ietf-webtrans-overview: draft-ietf-webtrans-overview.md

: Indicates that the peer has aborted the corresponding send side of the
  stream.  An unsigned 8-bit error code from the peer may be available.

all data committed
: Indicates that all of the outgoing data on the stream, including the FIN, is
  in the state where aborting the send side would have no further effect on any

>   data being delivered.

Reviewer: This is a fine definition, but I think that you need to add a section explaining what that means, concretely, for different protocols.  That will necessarily involve some ambiguity and talking about layering and APIs, but this is not really very clear without that elaboration.

Author: Does this look better?

: Indicates that the peer has aborted the corresponding send side of the
  stream.  An unsigned 8-bit error code from the peer may be available.

all data committed
: Indicates that all of the outgoing data on the stream, including the end stream indication, is
  in the state where aborting the send side would have no further effect on any
  data being delivered.  
  
: For protocols, like HTTP/2, stream data might be passed to another
  component (like a kernel) for transmission. Once data is passed to that
  component it might not be possible to abort the sending of stream data
  without also aborting the entire connection.
  For these protocols, data is considered committed once it passes to the
  other component.
  
: A protocol, like HTTP/3, that uses a more integrated stack might be able to
  retract data further into the process. For these protocols, sending on a

>   stream might be aborted at any time until all data has been received,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  stream might be aborted at any time until all data has been received and acknowledged by the peer,
```

>   corresponding to the "Data Recvd" state in QUIC; see {{Section X.Y of QUIC}}.

Reviewer 2: "Data Recvd" indicates that ACKs have been received that cover all data sent. Do all QUIC stacks expose this to the application layer?  HTTP/3 made a hard line that the application layer didn't have or need access to transport-level ACKs of its data.

Author: Due to the way W3C APIs are structured, we have to keep a stream in a "kind of open" state so that the application could send a reset for a stream in the window between the FIN being sent and all data being acknowledged.  It's somewhat unfortunate, but it isn't really meant to be a solid signal for the application (in fact, I think in WebTransport over HTTP/2, this will be probably signaled instantly).

>   stream might be aborted at any time until all data has been received,
>   corresponding to the "Data Recvd" state in QUIC; see {{Section X.Y of QUIC}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  stream might be aborted at any time until all data has been received,
  corresponding to the "Data Recvd" state in QUIC; see {{Section 3.1 of QUIC}}.
```
If we keep this text, the section number is missing.
